README.md, before:

# FOSS Server Stack

A comprehensive solution for deploying a complete FOSS (Free and Open Source Software) server infrastructure using Docker containers.

## Overview

This repository contains scripts and documentation for automating the deployment of a collection of free and open source applications running in Docker containers. The stack is designed to provide businesses, agencies, and organizations with a complete suite of tools for operations, collaboration, and customer engagement.

## Features

- **One-click installation** of multiple FOSS applications
- **Docker-based** for easy deployment and maintenance
- **Secure by default** with SSL, fail2ban, and security hardening
- **Modular design** allowing selective component installation
- **Comprehensive documentation** for setup and maintenance

## Included Applications

| Category | Applications |
|----------|--------------|
| **Infrastructure** | Docker, Docker Compose, Traefik (SSL), Portainer |
| **Business Operations** | ERPNext, KillBill, Cal.com, Documenso |
| **Content Management** | WordPress, PeerTube, Seafile |
| **Team Collaboration** | Focalboard, TaskWarrior/Calcure |
| **Marketing & Analytics** | Listmonk, PostHog, WebPush |
| **Automation** | n8n, OpenIntegrationHub |
| **System & Security** | Netdata, Fail2ban, Security hardening |

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- A server running Ubuntu/Debian with root access
- Minimum 8GB RAM (16GB+ recommended)
- At least 50GB disk space
- Domain name(s) pointing to your server's IP

### Quick Start

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/foss-server-stack.git
   cd foss-server-stack
   ```

2. Validate your environment:
   ```bash
   sudo bash scripts/validate_environment.sh
   ```

3. Start the installation:
   ```bash
   sudo bash scripts/install.sh
   ```

4. Follow the on-screen prompts to install desired components

### Documentation

Detailed documentation is available in the `docs/` directory:

- [Overview](docs/OVERVIEW.md) - Component descriptions and architecture
- [Installation Guide](docs/INSTALLATION.md) - Detailed installation instructions
- [Components](docs/COMPONENTS.md) - Information about each application
- [Configuration](docs/CONFIGURATION.md) - Configuration options and recommendations
- [Maintenance](docs/MAINTENANCE.md) - Ongoing maintenance procedures
- [Pre-Installation Checklist](docs/PRE_INSTALLATION_CHECKLIST.md) - Preparation steps
- [Client Setup Guide](docs/CLIENT_SETUP.md) - Setting up client instances
- [Script Interactions](docs/SCRIPT_INTERACTIONS.md) - How scripts work together
- [Future Plans (2025.04.03)](docs/FuturePlans.2025.04.03.md) - Future plans and updates

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

🎉✨📡💻📝🚀 CS: 36
The changeset significantly enhances documentation clarity, introduces a port management system, and updates service configurations for better usability and maintainability.

---

📄📝 CS: 12
The README.md file now includes a new section for "Port Reference," improving the documentation by providing a comprehensive list of service ports, which enhances user understanding of the system's architecture.

---

🔌⚙️ CS: 24
The scripts for installing Keycloak and the Launchpad Dashboard have been updated to include a port management system. This allows for dynamic port assignment, improving flexibility and reducing conflicts during service deployment.

---

🔒💾 CS: 12
The firewall configuration notes have been updated to clarify which ports need to be exposed and which are internal only. This enhances security by guiding users on proper access control measures.

README.md, after:

# FOSS Server Stack

A comprehensive solution for deploying a complete FOSS (Free and Open Source Software) server infrastructure using Docker containers.

## Overview

This repository contains scripts and documentation for automating the deployment of a collection of free and open source applications running in Docker containers. The stack is designed to provide businesses, agencies, and organizations with a complete suite of tools for operations, collaboration, and customer engagement.

## Features

- **One-click installation** of multiple FOSS applications
- **Docker-based** for easy deployment and maintenance
- **Secure by default** with SSL, fail2ban, and security hardening
- **Modular design** allowing selective component installation
- **Comprehensive documentation** for setup and maintenance

## Included Applications

| Category | Applications |
|----------|--------------|
| **Infrastructure** | Docker, Docker Compose, Traefik (SSL), Portainer |
| **Business Operations** | ERPNext, KillBill, Cal.com, Documenso |
| **Content Management** | WordPress, PeerTube, Seafile |
| **Team Collaboration** | Focalboard, TaskWarrior/Calcure |
| **Marketing & Analytics** | Listmonk, PostHog, WebPush |
| **Automation** | n8n, OpenIntegrationHub |
| **System & Security** | Netdata, Fail2ban, Security hardening |

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- A server running Ubuntu/Debian with root access
- Minimum 8GB RAM (16GB+ recommended)
- At least 50GB disk space
- Domain name(s) pointing to your server's IP

### Quick Start

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/foss-server-stack.git
   cd foss-server-stack
   ```

2. Validate your environment:
   ```bash
   sudo bash scripts/validate_environment.sh
   ```

3. Start the installation:
   ```bash
   sudo bash scripts/install.sh
   ```

4. Follow the on-screen prompts to install desired components

### Documentation

Detailed documentation is available in the `docs/` directory:

- [Overview](docs/OVERVIEW.md) - Component descriptions and architecture
- [Installation Guide](docs/INSTALLATION.md) - Detailed installation instructions
- [Components](docs/COMPONENTS.md) - Information about each application
- [Configuration](docs/CONFIGURATION.md) - Configuration options and recommendations
- [Maintenance](docs/MAINTENANCE.md) - Ongoing maintenance procedures
- [Pre-Installation Checklist](docs/PRE_INSTALLATION_CHECKLIST.md) - Preparation steps
- [Client Setup Guide](docs/CLIENT_SETUP.md) - Setting up client instances
- [Script Interactions](docs/SCRIPT_INTERACTIONS.md) - How scripts work together
- [Port Reference](docs/PORTS.md) - Full list of exposed service ports and their usage.
- [Future Plans (2025.04.03)](docs/FuturePlans.2025.04.03.md) - Future plans and updates


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
