docs/INSTALLATION.md, before:

# Installation Guide

This guide provides instructions for deploying the FOSS server stack on a fresh Linux server.

## Prerequisites

- A server with a clean installation of Ubuntu/Debian
- Root or sudo access
- A domain name pointing to your server's IP address
- Open ports (80 and 443 for web traffic)

## Preparation

1. **Update DNS Records**
   
   Before installation, ensure your domain and any subdomains you want to use for services are pointing to your server's public IP address.

2. **Server Access**
   
   Connect to your server via SSH:
   ```
   ssh username@your-server-ip
   ```

3. **Get the Scripts**
   
   Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/foss-server-stack.git
   cd foss-server-stack
   ```

## Installation Options

### Option 1: Full Stack Installation

To install all components:

```bash
cd scripts/agency_stack_bootstrap_bundle_v10
bash install_all.sh
```

This will sequentially install all components in the stack.

### Option 2: Selective Installation

If you only want specific components, you can run the individual installation scripts:

```bash
cd scripts/agency_stack_bootstrap_bundle_v10
# Install prerequisites and core components
bash install_prerequisites.sh
bash install_docker.sh
bash install_docker_compose.sh
bash install_traefik_ssl.sh

# Then install only the services you need, for example:
bash install_portainer.sh
bash install_wordpress_module.sh
bash install_listmonk.sh
```

## Post-Installation

After installation:

1. Access Portainer at `https://your-server-ip:9443` to manage containers
2. Configure each service according to their specific documentation
3. Set up regular backups for your data

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues:

1. Check the Docker container logs:
   ```
   docker logs container-name
   ```

2. Ensure all required ports are open:
   ```
   ufw status
   ```

3. Verify Docker services are running:
   ```
   docker ps
   ```

4. Check system resources:
   ```
   htop
   ```

Commit message:

🎉✨📦🚀🔧✅ CS: 116
The changeset introduces a new client bootstrap script and Builder.io integration, enhancing user setup experience and content management capabilities.

💄 Updated UI documentation for Builder.io integration. CS: 12
The documentation now includes a section for Builder.io, detailing its usage and configuration, making it easier for users to understand how to implement it.

📝 Enhanced installation documentation with interactive installer. CS: 16
The installation guide now offers an interactive installer option, improving usability for users who prefer a guided setup process.

🔧 Added bootstrap_client.sh script for client setup. CS: 48
This script automates the creation of client directories and configuration files, streamlining the process of setting up new client instances.

🔧 Introduced builderio_provision.sh for Builder.io space creation. CS: 40
This script provisions a Builder.io space for clients, enabling seamless integration with the content management system.

📝 Updated installation documentation for client setup instructions. CS: 12
The installation documentation now includes instructions for setting up individual client instances, providing clarity on the post-installation process.

docs/INSTALLATION.md, after:

# Installation Guide

This guide provides instructions for deploying the FOSS server stack on a fresh Linux server.

## Prerequisites

- A server with a clean installation of Ubuntu/Debian
- Root or sudo access
- A domain name pointing to your server's IP address
- Open ports (80 and 443 for web traffic)

## Preparation

1. **Update DNS Records**
   
   Before installation, ensure your domain and any subdomains you want to use for services are pointing to your server's public IP address.

2. **Server Access**
   
   Connect to your server via SSH:
   ```
   ssh username@your-server-ip
   ```

3. **Get the Scripts**
   
   Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/foss-server-stack.git
   cd foss-server-stack
   ```

## Installation Options

### Option 1: Full Stack Installation

To install all components:

```bash
cd scripts/agency_stack_bootstrap_bundle_v10
bash install_all.sh
```

This will sequentially install all components in the stack.

### Option 2: Selective Installation

If you only want specific components, you can run the individual installation scripts:

```bash
cd scripts/agency_stack_bootstrap_bundle_v10
# Install prerequisites and core components
bash install_prerequisites.sh
bash install_docker.sh
bash install_docker_compose.sh
bash install_traefik_ssl.sh

# Then install only the services you need, for example:
bash install_portainer.sh
bash install_wordpress_module.sh
bash install_listmonk.sh
```

### Option 3: Using the Interactive Installer

For a more user-friendly approach, use the interactive installer:

```bash
sudo bash scripts/install.sh
```

This will present a menu where you can choose which components to install.

## Post-Installation

After installation:

1. Access Portainer at `https://your-server-ip:9443` to manage containers
2. Configure each service according to their specific documentation
3. Set up regular backups for your data

## Setting Up Client Instances

Once your server stack is installed, you can set up individual client instances, each with their own ERPNext, PeerTube, and other services:

```bash
cd scripts/agency_stack_bootstrap_bundle_v10
bash bootstrap_client.sh client.domain.com
```

For detailed instructions on client setup, see the [Client Setup Guide](CLIENT_SETUP.md).

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues:

1. Check the Docker container logs:
   ```
   docker logs container-name
   ```

2. Ensure all required ports are open:
   ```
   ufw status
   ```

3. Verify Docker services are running:
   ```
   docker ps
   ```

4. Check system resources:
   ```
   htop
   ```
